ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 8
Hello?
Yes. And?
What? What are you talking about?
Eun Yeong-u?
How did that happen
to an administrative clerk?
What? Where is he going?
MYEONGDONG GENERAL STORE
You're good at that.
Of course.
Are you here to pick up your clothes?
I thought you weren't coming today.
I stopped by the Hosu University dorm.
Why would you go there?
It must be quite chaotic there.
I figured they probably hadn't had
anything to eat, so I went
to give them some food.
Could you step aside?
Step aside?
Or I will for you.
Ma'am, this is bad.
It's Yeong-u.
What?
My son is?
Where's my husband?
He's at the hospital.
That rude wench.
Did she just leave without saying bye?
I'm sorry, sir.
I asked them to take
special care of your son,
so they assigned him
to somewhere far from HQ.
But I didn't know
they sent him to Udo Island.
This way, sir.
ARMED FORCES HOSPITAL
Good work, guys.
He's asleep, right?
We gave him a sedative.
Yeong-u.
I shouldn't have let them
assign you to the front lines.
Dad.
Hey.
I…
promised Mom…
Mom?
…that I would protect…
That I would protect Yeong-ro.
Mom.
I'll protect Yeong-ro.
So don't worry.
I'll make sure she marries